[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So you may notice that if I
do a hard refresh here I'm sorry that's,
I'm not illustrating the correct thing.
So I'm entering the application
on a route with a redirect.
I still end up with this
back button problem.
There is an add-on that you can use which
makes redirecting a little bit easier that
has similar logic here and
instead of transition to you'll
just use like redirect to.
In a future version of Ember this
will work cleanly and out of the box.
But I just wanted to teach you guys
the concept here of transitioning and
redirecting, and
I will send a link out to that add on
where all the little kinks are addressed.
>> Speaker 2: So that add on, will that
like address doing actual 301 redirects?
>> Speaker 1: So that's a status code
that an API would have to provide.
Remember that we're not actually
responding to a request.
At its core we're responding
to a hashchange event or
something similar if you have
html five history support.
But it will be the equivalent
in that it's forwarding you and
sending information back to the consumer
that you should always go here.
>> Speaker 2: Right can I see
your router file real quick?
My brain broke like 15 minutes ago.
>> Speaker 1: No problem.
>> Speaker 2: And I'm completely lost.
>> Speaker 1: It's a file.
[TYPING CLICKS] Okay,
see how I kind
of have things
separated?
>> Speaker 2: No, that's.
Strange is exactly what I had before I
added those two routes I didn't need.
That complete put me in a tail spin so.
>> Speaker 1: So, do you noticed
that I generated some routes,
but the only that to get deaf in my
side bar here is showing its comments.
The reason is, you don't need to modify
the router when you add an index.
Because it's already implied.
So all the code generation does is, it's
still reporting that it added a route,
but it's a no op, in the case of index.
You don't see the word index here, at all.
It doesn't need to do it, so
it doesn't add the clutter.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Just a couple questions.
The triple dots in front of argument,
could you just explain that quick?
>> Speaker 1: You should go,
that is a spread operator, and
go watch the Frontend masters ES6 course.
That is not an ember feature,
that is the current draft of JavaScript.
Yes, I can say that now.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH] And then can you
go over using model versus content and
then he says, I thought using
content was discouraged for info and
guides and in controller source,
has that changed?
>> Speaker 1: You can
currently use either.
Content is not deprecated yet
to the best of my knowledge,
I would be getting deprecation
warnings otherwise.
They're equivalent, and I would just
look at whatever the guides say for now.
I can go through and change things,
but I wouldn't say it's so
strongly discouraged that the framework
is throwing warnings at me, which is like
when you have to be concerned that
somethings about to get ripped out.
The core team is very very serious about
giving ample warning whenever
API's are going to break.
In fact, because we're on 2.2 right
now and content is working and
throwing no deprecations It will be
available throughout the two x series and
you would only need to worry at 3.0 that
they would go and remove this thing.
I think the change from content
to model had to do with
a deprecation that was
removed in ember 2.0.
A different way of using controllers.
And the idea was to sort
of shift away from that,
even shifting like some of the default
conventions to help people with migration.
And I'm actually not going to go deep into
that, because in terms of writing an app
today, with this version of Ember,
you don't really need to know that.
As far as I know, model and
content are both fine.
I use content nearly a hundred
percent of the time because it's
muscle memory at this point.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 1: All right.
I'm gonna make sure,
I think there's still
another stop to this [NOISE].
I have to actually return a list of stuff.
From my route.
So I'm gonna go to orgs routes orgs.
>> Speaker 1: And implement model.
>> Speaker 1: And return an array.
>> Speaker 1: And
then I can go to orgs.hbs.
And instead of being so explicit about
each and every list item I can wrap this
in an each and loop over my array.
So I'm gonna get, people there.
>> Speaker 1: As.
All right, so
now if we go back to the list, we're
going to get JQuery a bunch of times.
And we simply need to do org.id,
org.id, and there we go.
So now,
this is a much more generic template here.
This is, this is much more closer to what
you would see if you were using real data,
but we will use when we use real data,
because there is nothing in here
about any particular record.
It's just all the datas
coming from the route.